Use gh link instead of bpo (#92221)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/general.rst

How do I submit bug reports and patches for Python?
---------------------------------------------------

> To report a bug or submit a patch, please use the GitHub issues board at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a bug or submit a patch, use the issue tracker at
```

> https://github.com/python/cpython/issues.
> 

Reviewer 2: Why not keep some of the old text but instead refer to GitHub?
E.g.

```suggestion
https://github.com/python/cpython/issues.

You must have a GitHub account to report bugs; this makes it possible for us to
contact you if we have follow-up questions. It will also enable GitHub to send
you updates as we act on your bug.
```

Reviewer: I think it's probably self-evident without this text? This is what happens if you try to file a bug without being signed into a GitHub account:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66076021/166466418-8894e137-e453-4756-817d-41d74f884915.png)

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I didn't know GH had such a nice prompt.
